README.md, before:

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

# SVG-Logo-Generator

## [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Description](#description)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Questions](#questions)

## Description

This is a logo generator that creates an SVG file. The SVG file can contain a maximum of 3 characters, and these letters will be printed onto the logo. Please experiment with different color combinations and shapes. This program was created as coursework for the University of Utah Full Stack Web Development Coding Bootcamp.

## Installation

You need to have Node installed in order to use this program. You also need to have the dependencies installed using `npm i`

## Usage

This program is run in the command line using `node script.js`. Users are presented with a series of questions, which are used to produce an SVG logo. First they are asked to input a maximum of 3 characters, then the text color, then the shape of the logo (circle, square or triangle), and finally the color of the shape. All of these answers are combined to create the logo. Users are able to input a hexidecimal color, or a regular (CSS friendly) color name. The triangle option offsets the letters lower than circle or square, so that it is not overlapping the boundaries of the triangle.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license.
Please refer to the license badge at the top of this document.

## Contributing

N/A

## Tests

N/A

## GitHub Username

[GitHub User: henrythedrip](https://github.com/henrythedrip/)

Commit message:

changes to readme including formatting and sources

README.md, after:

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

# SVG-Logo-Generator

## [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Description](#description)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Sources](#sources)
  - [GitHub](#github)

## Description

This is a logo generator that creates an SVG file. The SVG file can contain a maximum of 3 characters, and these letters will be printed onto the logo. Please experiment with different color combinations and shapes. This program was created as coursework for the University of Utah Full Stack Web Development Coding Bootcamp.

## Installation

You need to have Node installed in order to use this program. You also need to have the dependencies installed using `npm i`

## Usage

This program is run in the command line using `node script.js`. Users are presented with a series of questions, which are used to produce an SVG logo. First they are asked to input a maximum of 3 characters, then the text color, then the shape of the logo (circle, square or triangle), and finally the color of the shape. All of these answers are combined to create the logo. Users are able to input a hexidecimal color, or a regular (CSS friendly) color name. The triangle option offsets the letters lower than circle or square, so that it is not overlapping the boundaries of the triangle.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license.
Please refer to the license badge at the top of this document.

## Sources

Here are some of the sources that I used to write this code.

[npmjs](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer)

[w3 CSS colors](https://www.w3.org/wiki/CSS/Properties/color/keywords)

[w3 Hexidecimal Colors](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_colors_hex.asp)

[regex101](https://regex101.com/)

[mdn Vector](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Adding_vector_graphics_to_the_Web)

[mdn Vector 2](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG)

[w3 VSG text](https://www.w3schools.com/graphics/svg_text.asp)

[w3 SVG Rectangle](https://www.w3schools.com/graphics/svg_rect.asp)

[w3 SVG Triangle](https://www.w3schools.com/graphics/svg_polygon.asp)

[w3 SVG Circle](https://www.w3schools.com/graphics/svg_circle.asp)

[MDN SVG](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG)


## GitHub

[GitHub User: henrythedrip](https://github.com/henrythedrip/)
